When I first started having some health problems, my biggest concern was my goals.
With health situations, it's easy to get overwhelmed.
I had to find a part-time job that is agreeable to my pioneering schedule and to my energy
levels.
I was offered after high school the opportunity to attend a prestigious university for no
cost.
But Jehovah invites you to rely on him, not to rely on yourself.
Growing up, my family didn't have a lot materially.
It caused me to have a tendency to want to rely on myself instead of Jehovah.
I realized that I needed to have more trust in Jehovah, and that was going to require
working on my feet.
These relights were given a wonderful provision from Jehovah when they were hungry and
need a food of mana.
And they had to show contentment throughout the whole 40 years of them being in the wilderness.
It's not ideal to have to cut back on things for financial reasons, but being okay with
it and adapting to it, that shows Jehovah that we're content with what he's given us,
and it helps us to be able to enjoy life and enjoy our full-time ministry that way.
I appreciated David's example because he stuck to Jehovah through several trials, and
each time he saw Jehovah's hand, and I thought that must have impressed on him the importance
of relying on Jehovah, and it probably helped him to have faith that Jehovah was going
to be there again the next time.
We were pioneering in our hometown, we had everything we needed.
I was set up with a job where I could work three days a week, and it was the perfect
pioneer job, but we wanted something more, so we decided to move where the need was
greater in the Chinese field.
I decided to find a part-time job that provided the means necessary to pay for things like
food and clothing, but really it was going to provide me with an opportunity to focus
on that service to Jehovah.
After some time I realized that the job I'd originally taken was not providing what I needed
any more, a change was necessary.
So another opportunity came up to pursue higher education, while I was considering my options
a friend recommended a job that required a little bit of vocational training, but would
pay to cover my expenses.
Psalm chapter 23 and verse 1 has absolutely been true for us.
There's never been a moment where we went hungry, there's never been a moment where we didn't
have what we needed.
And challenges have come up, he's always led us through those challenges and helped
us to overcome.
I was able to find a way to work remotely from home, so I could control my energy level,
and I could control my own schedule.
Ministry has been such a comfort, since it's far back as I can remember for any trials
we face, just going in service, we always come home smiling.
For us it was always, if you can do it, do it, because it will make you happy and will
make life more enjoyable.
Working at the assembly hall is an enormous privilege.
It's great to work in Jehovah's organizations to see how it works, to receive training,
and at the same time, it's an opportunity to meet even more people who are all putting
Jehovah first.
Looking back on it, I realized that Jehovah gave us that time to work for him so that
he could show his power to us in a way that was undeniable.
When this watchtower came out, I said, everything is true.
Yeah, every single principle, tasty and see that Jehovah is good, and Jehovah is my
shepherd, I'll lack nothing.
It's all true.
My experience, my life, has been a testimony to that.